Use of this application requires acceptance of the Terms of Use. The Terms of Use include the following

・By using this application, you agree to act at your own risk.
・The user agrees to use this application at their own risk, as the use of this application may cause the terminal to bootloop.
・The developer is not responsible for any damage, loss, and legal liability arising from the use of this application.
・The developer shall not be liable for any damage, loss, or liability arising out of the use of this application., because this app uses MDC, which forces the device to do unusual operation.
・Prohibited acts include unauthorized use, modification or analysis, infringement of another's privacy or intellectual property rights, illegal activities, and nuisance activities. In the event of any of these violations, the developer may take legal action against the user.
・Term of Use will may be changed without notice. Modified Terms of Use shall be effective from the time they are modified, and your continued use of the Application shall constitute your agreement to the modified Terms of Use. Users are required to review and comply with any changes to the Terms of Use at all times. 

The User agrees to these terms and conditions and may use the Application. However, if the user violates the prohibitions, the developer may take legal action against the user, and the user will pay damages to the developer.


使用此应用程序需要接受使用条款。 使用条款包括以下内容

・使用此应用程序，即表示您同意自行承担风险。
・用户同意自行承担使用此应用程序的风险，因为使用此应用程序可能会导致终端启动循环。
・对于因使用本应用程序而引起的任何损害、损失和法律责任，开发商概不负责。
・开发者对因使用本应用程序而产生的任何损害、损失或责任不承担任何责任，因为本应用程序使用 MDC，强制设备进行异常操作。
・禁止的行为包括未经授权的使用、修改或分析、侵犯他人隐私或知识产权、非法活动和滋扰活动。 如有任何此类违规行为，开发者可对用户采取法律行动。
・使用条款可能会更改，恕不另行通知。 修改后的使用条款自修改之日起生效，您继续使用应用程序即表示您同意修改后的使用条款。 用户必须随时查看并遵守使用条款的任何更改。

用户同意这些条款和条件并可以使用该应用程序。 但是，如果用户违反禁令，开发者可以对用户采取法律行动，用户需要向开发者赔偿损失。

このアプリケーションを使用するには、利用規約に同意する必要があります。 利用規約には以下が含まれます

・本アプリを利用することにより、お客様は自己責任で行動することに同意するものとします。
・本アプリの利用により、端末がブートループする可能性がありますので、利用者は自己責任において本アプリを利用することに同意するものとします。
・開発者は、本アプリの利用により生じたいかなる損害、損失、法的責任についても責任を負いません。
・本アプリは、端末に異常な動作を強制するMDCを使用しているため、本アプリの利用により生じた損害、損失、責任について、開発者は一切の責任を負わないものとします。
・禁止行為には、無断使用、改変、解析、他人のプライバシーや知的財産権を侵害する行為、違法行為、迷惑行為が含まれます。 これらの違反のいずれかが発生した場合、開発者はユーザーに対して法的措置を取る場合があります。
・利用規約は予告なく変更する場合があります。変更された利用規約は、変更された時点から有効となり、アプリケーションの継続的な使用は、変更された利用規約への同意を構成するものとします。 ユーザーは、利用規約の変更を常に確認し、遵守する必要があります。

ユーザーは、これらの利用規約に同意し、アプリケーションを使用することができます。 ただし、ユーザーが禁止事項に違反した場合、開発者はユーザーに対して法的措置を取ることができ、ユーザーは開発者に損害賠償を支払うことになります。
